fix(docs): add note that Basic tier in Event Hub does not support Kafka protocol (#5018)
SeldonIO/seldon-core: docs/source/contents/getting-started/kubernetes-installation/security/azure-event-hub-sasl.md

Seldon Core v2 can integrate with Azure Event Hub via Kafka protocol.

```{warning}
You will need at least `Standard` tier for your Event Hub Namespace as `Basic` tier does not support Kafka protocol.

> ```

Author: These are on independent subjects so I should leave them independently.

```{warning}
Seldon Core v2 creates 2 Kafka topics for each pipeline and model plus one global topic for errors.
This means that total number of topics will be `2 x (#models + #pipelines) + 1` which will likely exceed the limit of `Standard` tier in Azure Event Hub.

> See quota information [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-quotas#basic-vs-standard-vs-premium-vs-dedicated-tiers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more information on quotas, like the number of partitions per Event Hub, [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-quotas#basic-vs-standard-vs-premium-vs-dedicated-tiers).
```
